https://codepen.io/TK2019/pen/XWJJmep?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML introduces meaning to the web page rather than just presentation.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML is used to make electronic pages on the internet where pages are called hyperlink.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    It's a little bit of extra data that we supply to our element to give it behaviour.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for the main heading in a html page and considered to be only used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    image tag and class tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Header

    7. What is an id? 
    Id is only used for one specific element only to style in CSS.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    you can use it for a span or a div that you want to stand out in a paragraph.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    id can only be used a couple times but if were talking about one specifc given name then only once.

    10. What is a class? 
    Class selects every element with that class name in css.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    class is most suitable for paragraphs and sections.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Class can be used quite often as its common.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You need to use an anchor tag along with a href link which leads you to another page.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    using '#'

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is used to cover a particular part of the body in html but div can be used to group certain parts.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    For styling the HTML page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    type h2{...}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Class will be used to style a section. id will be used to style a sentence.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    by using a fullstop first then typing in the name given to that class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    <p class="human"> </p> which I will then in css select as 'p.class'

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    The parent-child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    Comes in useful when you want to aim for an 'a' tag witin a nav.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is a special selector that has advanced attributes.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Line-height property is used to perform this.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing.
    
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    The CSS text-transform property.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    using universal selector.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    */ using this */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    you type in cd.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type in ls which is list.

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    This can be done using del/f filename but also have to do this carefully as you might end up
    deleting other files if not written as it is.


    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Version control systems allow you to compare files, identify differences, 
    and merge the changes if needed prior to committing any code.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime you have made a major change.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    We use git push.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    First we use git add . to add on our changes. Then we use git commit along with a message.
    Finally we use git push origin "name" to push it up.